I, Hu Changsheng, are here.
This wife can only stand Xiaoxu
That's enough!
You have to take care of what I do, right?
Did I ask you when you usually go out?
I'm getting together with my colleagues now. What's the matter?
You have to take care of it
You're reasonable for not coming home so late, aren't you?
Brother Xiaoyu blames me for not stopping Tongtong
Tongtong is just worried about you, don't
Let's go
Ignore him sit
Two glasses of wine
He never spoke to me out loud
It used to be what I said
Do you think he has changed?
Don't men just want face outside?
You were too mean to him just now
I'm fierce
He won't apologize to me, I can't be mean to him
I also think about Tongtong
Brother Xiaoyu has gone too far this time
You can't get used to him.
Although he just said angry words
But with the first time, there will be a second time.
If you forgive him easily this time
He will definitely yell at you in the future.
You're right actually.
Can't forgive easily
Hi beautiful woman do you want a drink
Have a drink
urchin
Brother Xiaoyu